README.md, before:

<img width="400" alt="GeometryOps.jl" src="https://github.com/asinghvi17/GeometryOps.jl/assets/32143268/92c5526d-23a9-4e01-aee0-2fcea99c5001">

![Lifecycle:Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lifecycle-Experimental-339999)
[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://asinghvi17.github.io/GeometryOps.jl/stable/)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://asinghvi17.github.io/GeometryOps.jl/dev/)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/asinghvi17/GeometryOps.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/asinghvi17/GeometryOps.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml?query=branch%3Amain)

<img src="docs/src/assets/logo.png" alt="GeometryOps logo" width="250">

> [!CAUTION]
> This package is still under very heavy development!  Use with care.

GeometryOps.jl is a package for geometric calculations on (primarily 2D) geometries.

The driving idea behind this package is to unify all the disparate packages for geometric calculations in Julia, and make them [GeoInterface.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGeo/GeoInterface.jl)-compatible. We are focusing primarily on 2/2.5D geometries for now.  All methods in this package will consume any geometry which is compatible with GeoInterface - see its [integrations page](https://juliageo.org/GeoInterface.jl/stable/reference/integrations/) for more info on that!

Most of the use cases are driven by GIS and similar Earth data workflows, so this might be a bit specialized towards that, but methods should always be general to any coordinate space.

We welcome contributions, either as pull requests or discussion on issues!

## Methods 

GeometryOps tries to offer most of the basic geometry operations you'd need, implemented in pure Julia and accepting any GeoInterface.jl compatible type.

- General geometry methods (OGC methods): `equals`, `extent`, `distance`, `crosses`, `contains`, `intersects`, etc
- Targeted function application over large nested geometries (`apply`) and reduction over geometries (`applyreduce`)
- `signed_area`, `centroid`, `distance`, etc for valid geometries
- Line and polygon simplification (`simplify`)
- Polygon clipping, `intersection`, `difference` and `union`
- Generalized barycentric coordinates in polygons (`barycentric_coordinates`)
- Projection of geometries between coordinate reference systems using [Proj.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGeo/Proj.jl)
- Polygonization of raster images by contour detection (`polygonize`)

See the "API" page in the docs for a more complete list!

### Planned additions

- Arclength interpolation (absolute and relative)
- Buffering, hulls (convex and otherwise)
- Checks for valid geometries (empty linestrings, null points, etc) ([#14](https://github.com/asinghvi17/GeometryOps.jl/issues/14))
- Operations on spherical (non-Euclidean) geometry ([#17](https://github.com/asinghvi17/GeometryOps.jl/issues/17))

Commit message:

Add support for tables to `apply` and `applyreduce` (#91)
* Add support for tables to `apply`

* Fix the `reproject` implementation to use constructed traits

* Fix error when testing `threaded`

* Comment, fix indentation in apply

* Implement applyreduce

* document in readme and docs that tables are supported

* Add DataFrames and Shapefile to project and docs/project

* Remove unused function

Co-authored-by: Rafael Schouten <rafaelschouten@gmail.com>

* Add some truly wacko tests

* Fix test

* `_to_table` -> `_table`

* Annotate that `_is3d` only returns bools

Apparently this was not obvious to the compiler

* Don't be lazy when getting names

this promotes type stability and I guess we don't care about allocs anyway.

---------

Co-authored-by: Rafael Schouten <rafaelschouten@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<img width="400" alt="GeometryOps.jl" src="https://github.com/asinghvi17/GeometryOps.jl/assets/32143268/92c5526d-23a9-4e01-aee0-2fcea99c5001">

![Lifecycle:Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lifecycle-Experimental-339999)
[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://asinghvi17.github.io/GeometryOps.jl/stable/)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://asinghvi17.github.io/GeometryOps.jl/dev/)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/asinghvi17/GeometryOps.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/asinghvi17/GeometryOps.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml?query=branch%3Amain)

<img src="docs/src/assets/logo.png" alt="GeometryOps logo" width="250">

> [!CAUTION]
> This package is still under very heavy development!  Use with care.

GeometryOps.jl is a package for geometric calculations on (primarily 2D) geometries.

The driving idea behind this package is to unify all the disparate packages for geometric calculations in Julia, and make them [GeoInterface.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGeo/GeoInterface.jl)-compatible. We are focusing primarily on 2/2.5D geometries for now.  All methods in this package will consume any geometry which is compatible with GeoInterface - see its [integrations page](https://juliageo.org/GeoInterface.jl/stable/reference/integrations/) for more info on that!

Most of the use cases are driven by GIS and similar Earth data workflows, so this might be a bit specialized towards that, but methods should always be general to any coordinate space.

We welcome contributions, either as pull requests or discussion on issues!

## Methods 

GeometryOps tries to offer most of the basic geometry operations you'd need, implemented in pure Julia and accepting any GeoInterface.jl compatible type.

- General geometry methods (OGC methods): `equals`, `extent`, `distance`, `crosses`, `contains`, `intersects`, etc
- Targeted function application over large nested geometries (`apply`) and reduction over geometries (`applyreduce`)
    - Both `apply` and `applyreduce` consume arbitrary tables as well, like DataFrames!
- `signed_area`, `centroid`, `distance`, etc for valid geometries
- Line and polygon simplification (`simplify`)
- Polygon clipping, `intersection`, `difference` and `union`
- Generalized barycentric coordinates in polygons (`barycentric_coordinates`)
- Projection of geometries between coordinate reference systems using [Proj.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGeo/Proj.jl)
- Polygonization of raster images by contour detection (`polygonize`)
- Segmentization/densification of geometry, both linearly and by geodesic paths (`segmentize`)

See the "API" page in the docs for a more complete list!

### Planned additions

- Buffering, hulls (convex and otherwise)
- Checks for valid geometries (empty linestrings, null points, etc) ([#14](https://github.com/asinghvi17/GeometryOps.jl/issues/14))
- Operations on spherical (non-Euclidean) geometry ([#17](https://github.com/asinghvi17/GeometryOps.jl/issues/17))
