docs/src/introduction.md, before:

# Introduction


GeometryOps.jl is a package for geometric calculations on (primarily 2D) geometries.

The driving idea behind this package is to unify all the disparate packages for geometric calculations in Julia, and make them [GeoInterface.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGeo/GeoInterface.jl)-compatible. We seem to be focusing primarily on 2/2.5D geometries for now.

Most of the usecases are driven by GIS and similar Earth data workflows, so this might be a bit specialized towards that, but methods should always be general to any coordinate space.

We welcome contributions, either as pull requests or discussion on issues!

## Main concepts

### The `apply` paradigm

!!! note
    See the [Primitive Functions](@ref Primitive-functions) page for more information on this.

The `apply` function allows you to decompose a given collection of geometries down to a certain level, and then operate on it. 

Functionally, it's similar to `map` in the way you apply it to geometries.

### What's this `GeoInterface.Wrapper` thing?

Write a comment about GeoInterface.Wrapper and why it helps in type stability to guarantee a particular return type.

Commit message:

Add support for tables to `apply` and `applyreduce` (#91)
* Add support for tables to `apply`

* Fix the `reproject` implementation to use constructed traits

* Fix error when testing `threaded`

* Comment, fix indentation in apply

* Implement applyreduce

* document in readme and docs that tables are supported

* Add DataFrames and Shapefile to project and docs/project

* Remove unused function

Co-authored-by: Rafael Schouten <rafaelschouten@gmail.com>

* Add some truly wacko tests

* Fix test

* `_to_table` -> `_table`

* Annotate that `_is3d` only returns bools

Apparently this was not obvious to the compiler

* Don't be lazy when getting names

this promotes type stability and I guess we don't care about allocs anyway.

---------

Co-authored-by: Rafael Schouten <rafaelschouten@gmail.com>

docs/src/introduction.md, after:

# Introduction


GeometryOps.jl is a package for geometric calculations on (primarily 2D) geometries.

The driving idea behind this package is to unify all the disparate packages for geometric calculations in Julia, and make them [GeoInterface.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGeo/GeoInterface.jl)-compatible. We seem to be focusing primarily on 2/2.5D geometries for now.

Most of the usecases are driven by GIS and similar Earth data workflows, so this might be a bit specialized towards that, but methods should always be general to any coordinate space.

We welcome contributions, either as pull requests or discussion on issues!

## Main concepts

### The `apply` paradigm

!!! note
    See the [Primitive Functions](@ref Primitive-functions) page for more information on this.

The `apply` function allows you to decompose a given collection of geometries down to a certain level, and then operate on it. 

Functionally, it's similar to `map` in the way you apply it to geometries.

`apply` and `applyreduce` take any geometry, vector of geometries, collection of geometries, or table (like `Shapefile.Table`, `DataFrame`, or `GeoTable`)!

### What's this `GeoInterface.Wrapper` thing?

Write a comment about GeoInterface.Wrapper and why it helps in type stability to guarantee a particular return type.
